Final Project Proposal
For my final project, I will be making a music visualizer with an 80s synthwave vibe. The Midnight is a band that means a lot to me, so they will be serving as an inspiration for this project. I will be using some of their music and other artists similar to The Midnight. 
I know I will struggle using p5.js, because I am prone to making mistakes in other assignments using p5.js by trying to type out complex JavaScript and mixing coding languages. I think I will struggle with finding the limits of what I can do; I would like to learn how to make a music visualizer from scratch, with the potential implementations if I have time. If I get permission, I would like to do this assignment without p5.js, but still do the assignment in JavaScript, HTML, CSS, and potentially some Python. 
Monday – 4/28	Started working in p5.js and looking into music visualizer ideas and how to implement music into p5.js with a connected part.
Tuesday – 4/29	Finish coding the music implementation.
Wednesday – 4/30	Start making the moving parts to have a visualization of what the music is doing.
Thursday – 5/1	Continue working on the visualization of what the music is doing. Potentially add some extra parts.
Friday – 5/2	Finish the moving parts of the visualization of what the music is doing and any extra parts that may have been implemented.
Saturday – 5/3	Make it pretty!
Sunday – 5/4	Final touches: check for final connection errors and make sure it is cohesive


In the begining of building this project I tried to use p5.js but with some of the implimentations I wanted that in the end got scrapped where not easily implentable using p5.js so I moved to doing the code from scratch. I built my circle audio visualizer in JavaScript, CSS, and HTML. I ran into some issues like inputing where you could put in a YouTube link and it would turn it into a visulizer where some of the dependencys where hard to learn about and how to impliment them where it would still work. In the end I gave up on that idea, but I also struggled to use the Web Audio API, but learned with some help from so documents online, how others used it and a little bit of AI help for the implementation of it. I also ran into a issue of how to make the visuallizer go from one color in a line to another color so I ended up having some neon colors in a list row to show the movement. I decided to implement a flutter effect in the background where these blue dots dance around the screen. All of the music belongs to "The Midnight" that was used in this project. 